–Why Atheism?
As a religious person I go through the r/atheism finding nothing but bashing on people like me,
I'm just trying to figure out you're justifications for being like this.
If anyone can tell me that would be great, thank you.
–Because there is no god.
Did anyone set a non-cross on fire in front of your house?
Did anyone disown you for not believing in their God?
Did your wife die because a life-saving operation was denied to her
because the surgery would have been in violation of some atheist dogma?
Did an atheist threaten you with eternal torture?
Anything of the sort? No?
Then what the fuck gives you the fucking right to accuse anyone of "bashing" on you,
you fucking moron?